train-topics help

	Basic help:

	--num-topics INTEGER
	  The number of topics to fit.
	  Default is 10
	--num-threads INTEGER
	  The number of threads for parallel training.
	  Default is 1
	--input FILENAME
	  The filename from which to read the list of training instances.  Use - for stdin.  The instances must be FeatureSequence or FeatureSequenceWithBigrams, not FeatureVector
	  Default is null
	--output-model FILENAME
	  The filename in which to write the binary topic model at the end of the iterations.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
	  Default is null
	--input-model FILENAME
	  The filename from which to read the binary topic model to which the --input will be appended, allowing incremental training.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be read.
	  Default is null
	--use-pam true|false
	  Rather than using LDA, use Pachinko Allocation Model, which models topical correlations.You cannot do this and also --use-ngrams.
	  Default is false
	--pam-num-supertopics INTEGER
	  When using the Pachinko Allocation Model (PAM) set the number of supertopics.  Typically this is about half the number of subtopics, although more may help.
	  Default is 10
	--pam-num-subtopics INTEGER
	  When using the Pachinko Allocation Model (PAM) set the number of subtopics.
	  Default is 20

	Inference help:
	--inferencer-filename FILENAME
	  A topic inferencer applies a previously trained topic model to new documents.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
	  Default is null
	--evaluator-filename FILENAME
	  A held-out likelihood evaluator for new documents.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
	  Default is null
	  

	Printing help:
	--output-topic-keys FILENAME
	  The filename in which to write the top words for each topic and any Dirichlet parameters.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
	  Default is null
	--output-doc-topics FILENAME
	  The filename in which to write the topic proportions per document, at the end of the iterations.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
	  Default is null

Evaluate Topics help:
	--evaluator FILENAME (Mostly output from the trained model)
	  A serialized topic evaluator from a trained topic model.
	By default this is null, indicating that no file will be read.
	  Default is null
	--input FILENAME
	  The filename from which to read the list of instances
	for which topics should be inferred.  Use - for stdin.  The instances must be FeatureSequence or FeatureSequenceWithBigrams, not FeatureVector
	  Default is null
	--output-doc-probs FILENAME
	  The filename in which to write the inferred log probabilities
	per document.  By default this is null, indicating that no file will be written.
	  Default is null
	--output-prob FILENAME
	  The filename in which to write the inferred log probability of the testing set
	Use - for stdout, which is the default.
	  Default is -
	--num-particles INTEGER
	  The number of particles to use in left-to-right evaluation.
	  Default is 10
	--use-resampling TRUE|FALSE
	  Whether to resample topics in left-to-right evaluation. Resampling is more accurate, but leads to quadratic scaling in the lenght of documents.
	  Default is false
	--num-iterations INTEGER
	  The number of iterations of Gibbs sampling.
	  Default is 100
